 Important info:

	Please set the tab space to 8 spaces in the PC for best view.

 Problem Statement:

         1.Prepare a structure containing diffrerent information fields about some students like roll number, name, address, subjects and their marks along
           with the total marks and result which should be stored in a file.
         2.Any new record should be stored and only its marks and result along with grade should be calculated in a file.

 W5HH style of approach:

         Why is the system being developed?
                 To make easy use of the software in areas related to academics which stores a lot of records and their information for easy processing.

         What will be done?
                 Storing the records in a file and accessing the records based on the queries related to roll number and grades.

         When will it be accomplished?
                 Estimated time : 3 day

         Who is responsible?
                 T.Raghu Bharadwaj(18mcmt03) of M.Tech CS batch of 2020, University of Hyderabad.

         Where are they organisationally located?
                 Developers in the organisation

         How will the job be done technically and managerially?
                 Structure is to be used and functions which act as an interface between the structure into which the information is to be entered and a
                 file, the final storage location and using some functions which help us in the queries related to any field in the information records.

         How much of each resource is needed?
                 Storage : 1KB(for program as well as file and documentation)
                 Hardware and Software : A general purpose PC with a C program compiler

 Approach to the solution:

         1.Make a structure (info[10]) which should contain different fields (roll number(char[10]), name(char[10]), address(char[20]), subject1 marks(int), subject2 marks(int), average marks(float), 	   grade(char).
         2.Open a file and copy all the information of the structure(info[10]) into the file and calculating the average marks and grade at runtime.
         3.Any new record that should be stored in the file will automatically be stored calculating the result and grade.
         4.Query with respect to file for fields roll number and grade should be arrived at a solution based on the information in the file.

Different functions used in the file with respect to header files:

Type		Function	Header			Input form	Output form

User-defined	avgresult()	resultcalc.h		int,int		float
User-defined	graderesult()	gradecalc.h		float		character
User-defined	roll()		rollquery.h		String		Updated value/Details
User-defined	display()	displaystruct.h		------		File Info	
Pre-defined	strcmp()	string.h		Two strings	true/false
	
        
